fix grammatical issues in Introduction to Web APIs (#21204)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/javascript/client-side_web_apis/introduction/index.md

- JavaScript — A high-level scripting language built into browsers that allows you to implement functionality on web pages/apps. Note that JavaScript is also available in other programming environments, such as [Node](/en-US/docs/Learn/Server-side/Express_Nodejs/Introduction).
- Browser APIs — constructs built into the browser that sits on top of the JavaScript language and allows you to implement functionality more easily.

> - Third-party APIs — constructs built into third-party platforms (e.g. Twitter, Facebook) that allow you to use some of those platform's functionality on your own web pages (for example, display your latest Tweets on your web page).

Reviewer: The original is better. 
the API is part of the functionality, so is 'in' the code base more than 'on' the page.

Author: Yes, That's right. Thank you for correcting me.

- **Device APIs** enable you to interact with device hardware: for example, accessing the device GPS to find the user's position using the [Geolocation API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Geolocation_API).
- **Client-side storage APIs** enable you to store data on the client-side, so you can create an app that will save its state between page loads, and perhaps even work when the device is offline. There are several options available, e.g. simple name/value storage with the [Web Storage API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Storage_API), and more complex database storage with the [IndexedDB API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IndexedDB_API).

### Common third-party APIs

Third-party APIs come in a large variety; some of the more popular ones that you are likely to make use of sooner or later are:

- The [Twitter API](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs), which allows you to do things like displaying your latest tweets on your website.

> - Map APIs, like [Mapquest](https://developer.mapquest.com/) and the [Google Maps API](https://developers.google.com/maps/), allow you to do all sorts of things with maps on your web pages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Map APIs, like [Mapquest](https://developer.mapquest.com/) and the [Google Maps API](https://developers.google.com/maps/), which allow you to do all sorts of things with maps on your web pages.
```

> - Map APIs like [Mapquest](https://developer.mapquest.com/) and the [Google Maps API](https://developers.google.com/maps/), which allows you to do all sorts of things with maps on your web pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Map APIs, like [Mapquest](https://developer.mapquest.com/) and the [Google Maps API](https://developers.google.com/maps/), allow you to do all sorts of things with maps on your web pages.
```

> - The [Facebook suite of APIs](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/) enables you to use various parts of the Facebook ecosystem to benefit your app, such as by providing app login using Facebook login, accepting in-app payments, rolling out targeted ad campaigns, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The [Facebook suite of APIs](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/), which enables you to use various parts of the Facebook ecosystem to benefit your app, such as by providing app login using Facebook login, accepting in-app payments, rolling out targeted ad campaigns, etc.
```

> - The [Facebook suite of APIs](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/), which enables you to use various parts of the Facebook ecosystem to benefit your app, for example by providing app login using Facebook login, accepting in-app payments, rolling out targeted ad campaigns, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Facebook suite of APIs](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/) enables you to use various parts of the Facebook ecosystem to benefit your app, such as by providing app login using Facebook login, accepting in-app payments, rolling out targeted ad campaigns, etc.
```

> - The [Telegram APIs](https://core.telegram.org/api), which allows you to embed content from Telegram channels on your website, in addition to providing support for bots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Telegram APIs](https://core.telegram.org/api) allow you to embed content from Telegram channels on your website, in addition to providing support for bots.
```

- The [YouTube API](https://developers.google.com/youtube/), which allows you to embed YouTube videos on your site, search YouTube, build playlists, and more.

> - The [Pinterest API](https://developers.pinterest.com/) provides tools to manage Pinterest boards and pins to include them in your website.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The [Pinterest API](https://developers.pinterest.com/), which provides tools to manage Pinterest boards and pins to include them in your website.
```

> - Map APIs like [Mapquest](https://developer.mapquest.com/) and the [Google Maps API](https://developers.google.com/maps/), allows you to do all sorts of things with maps on your web pages.

Reviewer 2: The "which" is grammatical. Instead of changing everything else, the two sentences without "which" should be given one.

Author: Okay, will do that.

> - The [Pinterest API](https://developers.pinterest.com/), which provides tools to manage Pinterest boards and pins to include them in your website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Pinterest API](https://developers.pinterest.com/) provides tools to manage Pinterest boards and pins to include them in your website.
```

- The [Twilio API](https://www.twilio.com/), which provides a framework for building voice and video call functionality into your app, sending SMS/MMS from your apps, and more.

> - The [Mastodon API](https://docs.joinmastodon.org/api/) enables you to manipulate features of the Mastodon social network programmatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The [Mastodon API](https://docs.joinmastodon.org/api/), which enables you to manipulate features of the Mastodon social network programmatically.
```

> - The [Mastodon API](https://docs.joinmastodon.org/api/), which enables you to manipulate features of the Mastodon social network programmatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Mastodon API](https://docs.joinmastodon.org/api/) enables you to manipulate features of the Mastodon social network programmatically.
```
